Our biggest takeaway from Iteration 3 is the importance of starting work early. Because we did the majority of our work simultaneously and quite close to the deadline, we ran into merge conflicts and build issues that could have been avoided with an earlier start. In the future we want to make sure we're distributing work across the iteration (in terms of setting internal deadlines, perhaps) rather than converging on it all at once. We wnat to leave enough time for reviewing, testing, debugging, and resolving merge conflicts.

In terms of the features that we implemented, we made significant progress on the core functionality of the app and are through with most of our must-haves. the only one that remains has to do with teh leaderboard and the social aspect, which we couldn't really implement without the login features and hence are woking on it in this iteration. We integrated two APIs — Alpaca and Finnhub — to generate and display candlestick charts, and incorporated Finnhub's live market data through a WebSocket connection in our trading engine. On the educational side, we advanced the quiz feature by incorporating financial statements for users to analyze and answer questions from. We also improved the portfolio page with a new UI that lets users track how their total portfolio value has changed over time.

Moving forward, we plan to shift focus toward finishing our remaining must-have and our nice-to-haves, including an interactive UI and leaderboard with account creation and sign-up functionality, which leans into the educational and social aspects of the app. We also plan to work on deploymet, potentially through Vercel. Based on instructor feedback, we will be adding more order types for users to explore (specifically a simplified version of limit ordering) to help users learn more about how trading works. Our SRS and data diagram have not changed significantly. We're also updating the README so that anyone can get the app running locally from scratch without running into too many issues.